{\rtf \tx384 \li384 \fi-384 \sl480 \slmult1 \sa0 1.\tab Abbott, I. Comparisons of spatial pattern, structure, and tree composition between virgin and cut-over jarrah forest in Western Australia. {\i{}Forest Ecol. Manag.} {\b{}9}, 101\uc0\u8211{}126 (1984).
\
2.\tab Adam, J. H. Changes in forest community structures of tropical montane rain forest on the slope of Mt. Trus Madi in Sabah, Malaysia. {\i{}J. Trop. Forest Sci.} {\b{}13}, 76\uc0\u8211{}92
\
3.\tab Addo-Fordjour, P., Obeng, S., Anning, A. & Addo, M. Floristic composition, structure and natural regeneration in a moist semi-deciduous forest following anthropogenic disturbances and plant invasion. {\i{}International Journal of Biodiversity and Conservation} {\b{}1}, 21\uc0\u8211{}37 (2009).
\
4.\tab Adekunle, V. A. J. Conservation of tree species diversity in tropical rainforest ecosystem of South-West Nigeria. {\i{}J. Trop. Forest Sci.} {\b{}18}, 91\uc0\u8211{}101 (2006).
\
5.\tab Ansley, S. J.-A. & Battles, J. J. Forest composition, structure, and change in an old-growth mixed conifer forest in the northern Sierra Nevada. {\i{}J. Torrey Bot. Soc.} {\b{}125}, 297\uc0\u8211{}308 (1998).
\
6.\tab Beals, W. E. The remnant cedar forests of Lebanon. {\i{}J. Ecol.} {\b{}53}, 679\uc0\u8211{}694 (1965).
\
7.\tab Bonino, E. E. & Araujo, P. Structural differences between a primary and a secondary forest in the Argentine Dry Chaco and management implications. {\i{}Forest Ecol. Manag.} {\b{}206}, 407\uc0\u8211{}412 (2005).
\
8.\tab Cairns, M. A., Olmsted, I., Granados, J. & Argaez, J. Composition and aboveground tree biomass of a dry semi-evergreen forest on Mexico\uc0\u8217{}s Yucatan Peninsula. {\i{}Forest Ecol. Manag.} {\b{}186}, 125\uc0\u8211{}132 (2003).
\
9.\tab Cao, M. & Zhang, J. Tree species diversity of tropical forest vegetation in Xishuangbanna, SW China. {\i{}Biodivers. Conserv.} {\b{}6}, 995\uc0\u8211{}1006 (1997).
\
10.\tab Cheng-Yang, Z., Zeng-Li, L. I. U. & Jing-Yun, F. Tree species diversity along latitudinal gradient on southeastern and northwestern slopes of Mt. Huanggang, Wuyi Mountains, Fujian, China. {\i{}Biodivers. Sci.} {\b{}12}, 63\uc0\u8211{}74
\
11.\tab Coelho de Souza, F. {\i{}et al.} Evolutionary heritage influences Amazon tree ecology. {\i{}Proc. R. Soc. B} {\b{}283}, 20161587 (2016).
\
12.\tab Davis, M. A., Curran, C., Tietmeyer, A. & Miller, A. Dynamic tree aggregation patterns in a species-poor temperate woodland disturbed by fire. {\i{}J. Veg. Sci.} {\b{}16}, 167\uc0\u8211{}174 (2005).
\
13.\tab De Natale, F. {\i{}et al.} {\i{}Inventario nazionale delle foreste e dei serbatoi forestali di carbonio}. (Ispettorato Generale del Corpo Forestale dello Stato, CRA-ISAFA, 2005).
\
14.\tab Do, T. V. {\i{}et al.} Effects of micro-topographies on stand structure and tree species diversity in an old-growth evergreen broad-leaved forest, southwestern Japan. {\i{}Glob. Ecol. Conserv.} {\b{}4}, 185\uc0\u8211{}196 (2015).
\
15.\tab Eichhorn, M. Boreal forests of Kamchatka: structure and composition. {\i{}Forests} {\b{}1}, 154\uc0\u8211{}176 (2010).
\
16.\tab Enoki, T. Microtopography and distribution of canopy trees in a subtropical evergreen broad-leaved forest in the northern part of Okinawa Island, Japan. {\i{}Ecol. Res.} {\b{}18}, 103\uc0\u8211{}113 (2003).
\
17.\tab Eshete, A., Sterck, F. & Bongers, F. Diversity and production of Ethiopian dry woodlands explained by climate- and soil-stress gradients. {\i{}Forest Ecol. Manag.} {\b{}261}, 1499\uc0\u8211{}1509 (2011).
\
18.\tab Fashing, P. J., Forrestel, A., Scully, C. & Cords, M. Long-term tree population dynamics and their implications for the conservation of the Kakamega Forest, Kenya. {\i{}Biodivers. Conserv.} {\b{}13}, 753\uc0\u8211{}771 (2004).
\
19.\tab Graham, A. W. {\i{}The CSIRO Rainforest permanent plots of North Queensland - Site, structural, floristic and edaphic descriptions.} (CSIRO and the Cooperative Research Centre for Tropical Rainforest Ecology and Management. Rainforest CRC, 2006).
\
20.\tab Hirayama, K. & Sakimoto, M. Spatial distribution of canopy and subcanopy species along a sloping topography in a cool\uc0\u8208{}temperate conifer\uc0\u8208{}hardwood forest in the snowy region of Japan. {\i{}Ecol. Res.} {\b{}18}, 443\uc0\u8211{}454 (2003).
\
21.\tab IGN. French National Forest Inventory (FNFI). (2017). Available at: http://inventaire-forestier.ign.fr/.
 \
22.\tab Jing-Yun, F., Yi-De, L. I., Biao, Z. H. U., Guo-Hua, L. I. U. & Guang-Yi, Z. Community structures and species richness in the montane rain forest of Jianfengling, Hainan Island, China. {\i{}Biodivers. Sci.} {\b{}12}, 29\uc0\u8211{}43
\
23.\tab Kohira, M., Ninomiya, I., Ibrahim, A. Z. & Latiff, A. Diversity, diameter structure and spatial pattern of trees in semi-evergreen rain forest of Langkawi island, Malaysia. {\i{}J. Trop. Forest Sci.} {\b{}13}, 460\uc0\u8211{}476 (2001).
\
24.\tab Kohyama, T. Tree size structure of stands and each species in primary warm-temperate rain forests of Southern Japan. {\i{}Bot. Mag. Tokyo} {\b{}99}, 267\uc0\u8211{}279 (1986).
\
25.\tab Krishnamurthy, Y. L. {\i{}et al.} Vegetation structure and floristic composition of a tropical dry deciduous forest in Bhadra Wildlife Sanctuary, Karnataka, India. {\i{}Trop. Ecol.} {\b{}51}, 235\uc0\u8211{}246 (2010).
\
26.\tab Lalfakawma, Sahoo, U., Roy, S., Vanlalhriatpuia, K. & Vanalalhluna, P. C. Community composition and tree population structure in undisturbed and disturbed tropical semi-evergreen forest stands of North-East India. {\i{}Appl. Ecol. Env. Res.} {\b{}7}, 303\uc0\u8211{}318 (2010).
\
27.\tab Linder, P., Elfving, B. & Zackrisson, O. Stand structure and successional trends in virgin boreal forest reserves in Sweden. {\i{}Forest Ecol. Manag.} {\b{}98}, 17\uc0\u8211{}33 (1997).
\
28.\tab Lopes, C. G. R., Ferraz, E. M. N. & Ara\uc0\u250{}jo, E. de L. Physiognomic-structural characterization of dry- and humid-forest fragments (Atlantic Coastal Forest) in Pernambuco State, NE Brazil. {\i{}Plant. Ecol.} {\b{}198}, 1\uc0\u8211{}18 (2008).
\
29.\tab L\uc0\u252{}, X.-T., Yin, J. & Tang, J.-W. Structure, tree pecies diversity and composition of tropical seasonal rainforests in Xishuangbanna, South-West China. {\i{}J. Trop. Forest. Sci.} {\b{}22}, 260\uc0\u8211{}270 (2010).
\
30.\tab Malizia, A. & Grau, R. Liana\uc0\u8211{}host tree associations in a subtropical montane forest of north-western Argentina. {\i{}J. Trop. Ecol.} {\b{}22}, 331\uc0\u8211{}339 (2006).
\
31.\tab Maycock, F. P., Guzik, J., Jankovic, J., Shevera, M. & Carleton, J. T. Composition, structure and ecological aspects of mesic old growth carpathian deciduous forests of Slovakia, southern Poland and the western Ukraine. {\i{}Fragm. Flor. Geobot.} {\b{}45}, 281\uc0\u8211{}321 (2000).
\
32.\tab Myers, J. A., Chase, J. M., Crandall, R. M. & Jim\uc0\u233{}nez, I. Disturbance alters beta-diversity but not the relative importance of community assembly mechanisms. {\i{}J. Ecol.} {\b{}103}, 1291\uc0\u8211{}1299 (2015).
\
33.\tab Nagel, A. T., Svoboda, M., Rugani, T. & Diaci, J. Gap regeneration and replacement patterns in an old-growth Fagus\uc0\u8211{}Abies forest of Bosnia\uc0\u8211{}Herzegovina. {\i{}Plant. Ecol.} {\b{}208}, 307\uc0\u8211{}318 (2010).
\
34.\tab Namikawa, K., Matsui, T., Kobayashi, M., Goto, R. & Kuramoto, S. Initial establishment and regeneration processes of an outlying isolated Fagus crenata Blume forest stand in the northernmost boundary of its range in Hokkaido, northern Japan. {\i{}Plant. Ecol.} {\b{}207}, 161\uc0\u8211{}174 (2010).
\
35.\tab Narayanan, A. & Parthasarathy, N. Biodiversity inventory of trees in a large scale permanent plot of tropical evergreen forest at Varagaliar. Anamalais, Western Ghats, India. {\i{}Biodivers. Conserv.} {\b{}8}, 1533\uc0\u8211{}1554 (1999).
\
36.\tab Phillips, O. L. & Miller, J. S. {\i{}Global patterns of plant diversity: Alwyn H. Gentry\uc0\u8217{}s forest transect data set}. (Missouri Botanical Garden Press, 2002).
\
37.\tab Phillips, O. L. {\i{}et al.} Efficient plot-based floristic assessment of tropical forests. {\i{}J. Trop. Ecol.} {\b{}19}, (2003).
\
38.\tab Popradit, A. {\i{}et al.} Anthropogenic effects on a tropical forest according to the distance from human settlements. {\i{}Sci. Rep.} {\b{}5}, 14689 (2015).
\
39.\tab Ramesh, B. R. {\i{}et al.} Forest stand structure and composition in 96 sites along environmental gradients in the central Western Ghats of India. {\i{}Ecology} {\b{}91}, 3118\uc0\u8211{}3118 (2010).
\
40.\tab Ricklefs, R. E. & He, F. Region effects influence local tree species diversity. {\i{}Proc. Natl. Acad. Sci. USA} {\b{}113}, 674\uc0\u8211{}679 (2016).
\
41.\tab Round, P., Pierce, A., Sankamethawee, W. & Gale, G. The Mo Singto forest dynamics plot, Khao Yai National Park, Thailand. {\i{}Nat. Hist. Bull. Siam Soc.} {\b{}57}, 57\uc0\u8211{}80 (2011).
\
42.\tab Sanchez, M., Pedroni, F., Eisenlohr, P. V. & Oliveira-Filho, A. T. Changes in tree community composition and structure of Atlantic rain forest on a slope of the Serra do Mar range, southeastern Brazil, from near sea level to 1000m of altitude. {\i{}Flora} {\b{}208}, 184\uc0\u8211{}196 (2013).
\
43.\tab Sawada, H., Ohkubo, T., Kaji, M. & Oomura, K. Spatial distribution and topographic dependence of vegetation types and tree populations of natural forests in the Chichibu Mountains, central Japan. {\i{}J. Japan. Forest Soc.} {\b{}87}, 293\uc0\u8211{}303 (2005).
\
44.\tab Sheil, D. & Salim, A. Forest tree persistence, elephants, and stem scars. {\i{}Biotropica} {\b{}36}, 505\uc0\u8211{}521 (2004).
\
45.\tab Shu-Qing, Z. {\i{}et al.} Structure and species diversity of boreal forests in Mt. Baikalu, Huzhong area, Daxing\uc0\u8217{}an Mountains, Northeast China. {\i{}Biodivers. Sci.} {\b{}12}, 182\uc0\u8211{}189
\
46.\tab Souza, F. C. de {\i{}et al.} Evolutionary heritage influences Amazon tree ecology. {\i{}Proc. R. Soc. B} {\b{}283}, 20161587 (2016).
\
47.\tab Splechtna, B. E., Gratzer, G. & Black, B. A. Disturbance history of a European old-growth mixed-species forest\uc0\u8212{}A spatial dendro-ecological analysis. {\i{}J. Veg. Sci.} {\b{}16}, 511\uc0\u8211{}522 (2005).
\
48.\tab Sullivan, M. {\i{}et al.} Diversity and carbon storage across the tropical forest biome. {\i{}Sci. Rep.} {\b{}7}, (2017).
\
49.\tab Szwagrzyk, J. & Gazda, A. Above-ground standing biomass and tree species diversity in natural stands of Central Europe. {\i{}J. Veg. Sci.} {\b{}18}, 555\uc0\u8211{}562 (2007).
\
50.\tab US Department of Agriculture. {\i{}Forest inventory and analysis \uc0\u8211{} fiscal year 2016 bussiness report}. (US Department of Agriculture, 2016).
\
51.\tab Wiser, S. {\i{}New Zealand forest plot data in global forest biodiversity dataset}. (Landcare Research NZ Ltd, 2016).
\
52.\tab Wu, X.-P., Zhu, B. & Zhao, S.-Q. Comparison of community structure and species diversity of mixed forests of deciduous broad-leaved tree and Korean pine in Northeast China. {\i{}Biodivers. Sci.} {\b{}12}, 174\uc0\u8211{}181 (2004).
\
53.\tab Wusheng, X., Tao, D., Shihong, L. & Li, X. A comparison of tree species diversity in two subtropical forests, Guangxi, Southwest China. {\i{}J. Res. Ecol.} {\b{}6}, 208\uc0\u8211{}216 (2015).
\
54.\tab Yamada, I. Forest ecological studies of the montane forest of Mt. Pangrango, West Java: II. Stratification and floristic composition of the forest vegetation of the higher part of Mt. Pangrango. {\i{}South East Asian Studies} {\b{}13}, 513\uc0\u8211{}534 (1976).
\
55.\tab Yasuoka, H. The variety of forest vegetations in south-eastern Cameroon, with special reference to the availability of wild yams for the forest hunter-gatherers. {\i{}Afr. Study. Monogr.} {\b{}30}, 89\uc0\u8211{}119 (2008).
\
}